I ended up for going into a major
relapse with my anorexia and when I say
major I mean that I was I'm surprised
that I didn't die and I really mean that
I was eating absolutely nothing you know
I'm sure I was still very codon part and
I remember losing something like 50
pounds in just a few months I think it
was 50 pounds in three months and
remembering on only 4 foot 10 so I only
weigh right now I only weigh about a
hundred and fifteen pounds it was around
that time where I found freelee the
banana girl now if you don't know who
free the banana girl is I've talked to
people from the whole range the whole
spectrum of the freely ratha for
phenomenon I've talked to true believers
of choc to people who lost their faith
I've talked to people who participated
you know in person and events in
Thailand people who used to be leaders
and who went from being leaders to
becoming critics we've definitely come
to a point in this phenomenon where
people are starting to look back at it
as something that's in the past tense
they're writing the history so to speak
of the wonder that was freelee the
banana girl and her short-lived but
seemingly important and influential
dietary / political movement I think I
typed in something like weight loss dire
or something to do with weight loss on
YouTube obviously while I was so [ __ ]
in the head
on the verge of death still trying to
lose weight and that's when really
popped up and that's how I found out
about her now if you guys don't know who
freelee the banana girl is she's a vegan
youtuber she's primarily raw vegan but
she has a very interesting way of
promoting veganism for a brief period is
very started to people the line between
activist and athlete was blurred and the
notion that the the great secret I mean
the the great catalyst for social change
in this planet
is happiness is you is your personal
happiness that all you have to do is
share with the world how happy and how
healthy you are that's a powerful
delusion that appeals to people at all
ages people who feel powerless I think
there are sixteen year olds who are
still in high school who saw that and it
called out to them they thought that's
me that's what I can do I can put on a
bikini I can tell people that I've cured
my acne or cured Crohn's disease or cure
diabetes or cured schizophrenia through
this diet I can come on and make these
testimonials I can film myself having
fun I can show how happy I am to ride a
bicycle riding a bicycle does not make
you that happy okay that's ridiculous
that in itself is ridiculous I can talk
about my personal transformation how
five minutes ago I was a hippie who had
no self-confidence and was shy and now
I'm an athlete with this very
confrontational attitude this type of
because if this is part of it right was
this transformation um that made
powerless people feel powerful all I saw
was her body you know I just saw how
lean she was how skinny she was and she
flaunted that you know she's always kind
of flaunted what a low body fat
percentage that she had and you know I
was already vegan at the time you know I
didn't break my veganism even when I was
in my eating disorder so for me it
seemed perfect I thought oh wow you know
I can just eat fruit all day and I can
stay skinny like boom and it's only
after changing my diet now and like
incorporating animal products then I've
been able to gain even more healthy
weight at the end of the day you know
being someone who is very passionate
about Fitness you know I want to gain
muscle and I wanted to gain weight
become stronger etc etc that's what I'm
passionate about now where is gonna get
my protein from if I couldn't eat soy
you know what I literally just gonna
live African a few vegetables and some
quinoa like No
yes vanity yes wanting to be beautiful
yes that's something that drew people in
but as much as we might talk about it I
think now in looking back and writing
history the wonder that was freely in
the auto for a phenomenon I think we
forget that even though that
people's attention it's easy to forget
that these other factors that I've just
enumerated for what kept people inside
or what made this something that had
political and even spiritual
ramifications that made people believe
this wasn't just about their vanity this
wasn't just about having great abdominal
muscles or a great figure that this was
about saving the planet all I saw was
this woman telling me that I could still
be skinny but then I could eat as much
as I wanted eat all the fruit I wanted
and it was fine because fruit is what
humans are meant to eat and it's what
we're designed to eat anyway and you
know again being as mentally sick as I
was I completely bought into that if you
have a mental illness it's so easy to be
manipulated or to become obsessive over
things you know and on some level I wish
I could say that that spirit that
enthusiasm could be recaptured could be
saved could be channeled into a more
positive a more political more pragmatic
a more genuinely helpful and even dare I
say a more nutritious form of veganism
but I don't think you can I think the
wonder that was freely in the auto for
diet as a chapter in history of this
movement as unique and bizarre as the an
Urkel primitiveness chapter you can
search that much channeling human works
that came and went before as unique and
bizarre as the Deep Ecology movement
that came and went one ideology after
another comes and goes I think right now
the abolitionist movement of Gary France
neonate we're seeing it come and go
direct action everywhere I think we've
seen one fad after another come and go
and yes a lot of people have powerful
sentiments they want to help they want
to make the world a better place but
they become members of cult-like
movements that have all the wrong
answers because fundamentally they start
by asking all the wrong questions just
figure out what's best for you what
makes you feel the best the healthiest
the most energetic what keeps you the
happiest okay and do more of that and be
kind to others alright lots of love guys
speech you soon when the consumption of
animal products
necessary for us why do we still
continue to support these industries but
cause so much suffering and pain to
these intelligent and gentle creatures I
mean really people like to disrespect my
truth but the fact is that you know my
name is I don't know